# Team meeting - 14.03 Before TA Meeting

#Code

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 14.03.2022\
Time: 13:45 - 16:45

* We discussed the code from GitLab that was uploaded.
    * We waleked each other trough the most important parts of the new added code
* We focused on reviewing  merge requests that were left out from previous week.
    * Reviewed merge requests that we wanted to push before the meeting
    * Fixed the pipeline
    * Adapted code review suggestions to our codes 
# Team meeting - 14.03

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 14.03.2022\
Time: 16:45 - 17:45\
Attendees: Damla Ortaç (TA), Tereza Ležovičová, Erik Vidican, Filip Błaszczyk, Gijs van der Heide, Tadas Lukavičius, Fanni Fiedrich

### Opening by Chairperson

### Announcements

* Code - Does anyone have any other questions about the code structure?

### Approval of the agenda
Approved beforehand.

### Approve minutes of prior meeting
Approved.

### Check-in.
We need to change our sprints date to meet the GitLab report.

### Reflection on learning
We are in the red zone when it comes to coding and and yellow when it comes to commits. From our TA's feedback we know that:
* Problem was caused by our deadline on Mondays (if we push our code on Mondays TA does not see it in the current week's report)
* Only half people were assigned issues (despite fact that everyone was working on at least one)
* There was not any explicit system in which we were assigning the issues in our team to justify our decisions
* We have not incorporated milestones or any other form of visible long plans for our goals 


### Division of issues for this week
Approved

### Summary of action points

| Action items                                | Who is responsible      | Deadline                    |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------------|
| Creation of score system for the game       | Tereza                  | Saturday                    |
| Finishing the admin interface               | Erik                    | Saturday                    |
| Checking correctness of answers             | Tadas                   | Saturday                    |
| Connecting api with client side             | Fanni                   | Saturday                    |
| Connect screens on the client side          | Filip                   | Saturday                    |
| Leaderboard UI                              | Gijs                    | Saturday                    |
| Code reviews from previous week             | Everyone (team meeting) | Wensday                     |
### Problems with coding and planning and tips?
We decided that due to being in the two reds zones and one yellow zone we have to make significant changes to our structure of work
* We changed the deadline form Monday to Saturday to finish our merge requests before Sunday
* We decided to assigne expected time to our issues on GitHub and time spent on them
* We set milestone for working singleplayer mode for the current week
### Any questions?
We asked which functionalities of the game we have to implemenmt without using websockets.