# Team meeting - 22.02 Before TA Meeting

## HCI Assignment

* We discussed the HCI assignment report.

* Filip found a group that will review our design (and we will review theirs).

* And discussed whether we all agree with the design.



# Team meeting - 22.02

Location: Drebbelweg/online (hybrid)\
Date: 22.02.2022\
Time: 14:45 - 17:45\
Attendees: Damla Ortaç (TA), Tereza Ležovičová, Erik Vidican, Filip Błaszczyk, Gijs van der Heide, Tadas Lukavičius, Fanni Fiedrich

## Agenda items

* 16:45 - 16:47 **Opening by chair**
* 16:47 - 16:50 **Approval of the agenda and past minutes**
* 16:50 - 16:56 **Check-in:** how are things going?
* 16:56 - 17:02 **A short reflection on learnings** (tips/tops) last week
* 17:02 - 17:08 **Check-in:** Discussion regarding code template
  * Are there any questions? Does anyone need any help to understand things?
  * Was everyone able to implement/understand the weather application?
* 17:08 - 17:12 **Code of Conduct:** are we still on track? Do we need to make adjustments?
* 17:12 - 17:25 **General planning of next steps**
  * When do we start with coding?
  * How do we want to organize the sub-tasks? (e.g. by creating smaller groups for certain tasks)
  * Who would be interested in which topics?
  * Making a tentative time plan
* 17:25 - 17:30 **Discussion regarding 20 activities**
  * Are any activities missing?
  * Who will create a merge request on GitLab?
* 17:30 - 17:35 **Sharing tips & tops (feedback for the chair and the team)**
* 17:35 - 17:45 **Question round and questions for the TA**
* 17:45 - **Closing**

### Opening by Chairperson 

### Announcements

* Information Literacy - Did everyone start yet? 

### Approval of the agenda
Approved beforehand.

### Approve minutes of prior meeting
Approved.

### Check-in and discussion regarding code template.
Did everyone go over the code template?
  * 

Checkstyle rules
  * 

### Code of conduct.
Rubric points -> adjust code of conduct.

* Assignment description, good general description, but there's no overview of the tasks. The outside reader must be able to understand what we are doing.

* Target or ambition, add something not grade related describing end goal of course.

* Product, there are no clear deliverables, to the client at end of project, source code etc. There must also be standrads on this project. E.g. Certain testing coverage, type of coverage, more concrete mentioning of what we are expecting standard-wise.

* Planning -> division of work, what do we focus on equal amount of time or equal amount of issues etc. And setting deadlines.

* Behaviour -> mention that every member needs to work on every part of the code.

* Mention when TA will intervene for deadlines.

* Commitments -> mention measurements, what is quality of work. Everyone approves the work, or one person, etc. Qualtiy of chairman and note taker.

* Meetings -> How do we arrange meetings (set date?). Do we cancel/postpone meetings? What is the goal of these meetings? In case the scheduled meetings aren't enough, how do we schedule new meetings?

* Decision making, specify what happens in case of no consensus

* Consequences, in case someone didn't meet a deadline, concrete consequences. Constructive consequences, e.g. why didn't you meet the deadline, do you need help? If this happens more often, when do we go to TA?

* Dream team -> more concrete?

Submit new code of conduct via GitLab.

### API Endpoints
GET, PUT, POST, and DELETE on an endpoint. We need to have one working endpoint. Weather application is also an endpoint?

### Backlog feedback
Keep playing around with subtasks and issues, but is fine right now.

### Good GitLab practices
Use board? In progress, in review, in testing, instead of only open/closed. Not mandatory, but nice feature.

1-2 people per issue, if more needed, split the issue up! More people not recommended.

Create more smaller issues/subtasks. Even very basic ones, like create this and this Class etc.

Use time tracker.

Merge requests: TA can get weekly report. Leave (constructive!) comments on merge requests!

First pull dev before merge request, resolve the merge conflicts locally! So that the dev pipeline doesn't break! Not sure if applicable if we are not going to use a dev branch? Or do we want to use a dev branch?

### Sharing tips & tops (feedback for the chair and the team).
Idem.

### Summary of action points
Give an overview of the division of tasks. What is expected from whom and when? Make an action list. 

|Action items|Who is responsible|Deadline|
|---|---|---|
|   |   |   |
|   |   |   |
|   |   |   |
|   |   |   |

### Feedback round
Give each other space to give and receive feedback (tip and top).
Discuss with your fellow students whether you want to take notes of this or not.

### Any questions?
If there are any important announcements, you can take minutes.

### Closing
No minutes