# Team meeting - 01.03 Before TA Meeting

#Code

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 01.03.2022\
Time: 13:45 - 16:45

* We discussed the code from GitLab that was uploaded.
    * Discussed what each section means
* Discussed new code that was added
    * Discussed new merge requests
    * Fixed the pipeline
    * Created JavaDocs for methods
    * Added checkstyle rule for missing JavaDocs
* HCI assignment
    * Finished HCI report Draft


# Team meeting - 01.03

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 01.03.2022\
Time: 16:45 - 17:45\
Attendees: Damla Ortaç (TA), Tereza Ležovičová, Erik Vidican, Filip Błaszczyk, Gijs van der Heide, Tadas Lukavičius, Fanni Fiedrich

### Opening by Chairperson

### Announcements

* Code - Does anyone have any other questions about the code structure?

### Approval of the agenda
Approved beforehand.

### Approve minutes of prior meeting
Approved.

### Check-in and discussion regarding code template.
We need do to start coding this week.

### Code of conduct.
We are in a green zone - no official changes needed.
* Change the deadline to Monday
* Change the test coverage

### Testing
* The only thing required from us are unit tests
* We should not look too much on overall test coverage
* It's important to focus mostly on the classes

### HCI feedback
* Feedback is on the Mattermost - implement the recommendations from Damla.
* We have to make it shorter - limit is 2500 words.

### Division of issues for this week
Approved

### Summary of action points

| Action items                                | Who is responsible      | Deadline                    |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------------|
| Create class for Dynamic Text Output        | Tereza                  | Monday                      |
| Create Client Main screen                   | Erik                    | Monday                      |
| Username input screen and basic user class  | Tadas                   | Monday                      |
| Client can display all three question types | Fanni                   | Monday (extension possible) |
| Question generation                         | Filip                   | Monday                      |
| Q&A API methods                             | Gijs                    | Monday                      |
| HCI assignment                              | Everyone (team meeting) | Friday                      |

### Any questions?
No

### Announcements
Next meeting is on Thursday to finish HCI report and discuss progress with our issues.