# Team meeting - 29.03

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 29.03.2022\
Time: 16:45 - 17:45\
Attendees: Damla Ortaç (TA), Tereza Ležovičová, Erik Vidican, Filip Błaszczyk, Gijs van der Heide, Tadas Lukavičius, Fanni Fiedrich

### Opening by Chairperson

### Announcements

* Showed the demo to our TA, Damla

### Approval of the agenda
Approved.

### Approve minutes of prior meeting
Approved.

### Feedback from the TA.
We are in a green zone - no official changes needed.
There might have been too many issues created in Gitlab, however
our group managed to close most of them, therefore that is fine. The 
code requires more testing coverage.

### What is left to be implemented
* A working point system
* Working emojis displayed in the multiplayer mode
* Add more testing to the current code
* Better question generation for some question types
* Fixing transition screens
* Fixing dynamic text for answer buttons
* Finishing/working on Jokers

### Will we try to implement bar chart for the game

No, because we dont have enough time and we are gonna have to start
working on the presentation video this Saturday.

### Division of issues for this week
Approved

### Summary of action points

| Action items                              | Who is responsible | Deadline |
|-------------------------------------------|--------------------|---------|
| Working point system                      | Tereza             | Friday  |
| Jokers                                    | Erik               | Friday  |
| Testing                                   | Tereza             | Friday  |
| Question generation                       | Fanni              | Friday  |
| Refactoring of the tests                  | Filip              | Friday  |
| Transition screens                        | Tadas              | Friday  |
| Dynamic text                              | Gijs               | Friday  |
| Images changes for which is more question | Fanni              | Friday  | 


### Any questions?
Is there a time limit for the video? Not known yet \
What is the deadline for the self review? 8th of April

### Announcements
Next meeting is this Thursday 11am to discuss points and working schedule

### Closing