# Team meeting - 22.03 Before TA Meeting

#Code

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 22.03.2022\
Time: 13:45 - 16:45

* We discussed the code from GitLab that was uploaded.
    * we discussed & approved the remaining merge requests
* We focused on reviewing  merge requests that were left out from previous week.
    * Reviewed merge requests that we wanted to push before the meeting
    * We discussed about the game backend merge request
* We talked about the tasks that have to be assigned for this week
# Team meeting - 22.03

Location: Drebbelweg\
Date: 22.03.2022\
Time: 16:45 - 17:45\
Attendees: Damla Ortaç (TA), Tereza Ležovičová, Erik Vidican, Filip Błaszczyk, Gijs van der Heide, Tadas Lukavičius, Fanni Fiedrich

### Opening by Chairperson

### Announcements

* Code - Does anyone have any other questions about the code structure?

### Approval of the agenda
Approved beforehand.

### Approve minutes of prior meeting
Approved.

### Check-in.
We need to assign milestones to every issue and issues to everyone to meet the GitLab report.

### Reflection on learning
We are in the red zone when it comes to coding. From our TA's feedback we know that:
* There is a big difference between how many hours each person worked (3 - 8 hours)
* There is a big difference between the lines of code each person contributed to the project (5000 - 500)
* Work division is a problem, we need to come up with a solution for that

Everything else is in the green zone.


### Division of issues for this week
Approved

### Summary of action points

| Action items                                | Who is responsible      | Deadline                    |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------------|
| Scores and points issue, transition between questions       | Tereza                  | Saturday                    |
| Estimation question generator, jokers                | Erik                    | Saturday                    |
| Answer sending to backend, hover buttons             | Tadas                   | Saturday                    |
| Question generation, checking for duplicate questions when generating them             | Fanni                   | Saturday                    |
| Testing and emojis, alert when you are closing the game          | Filip                   | Saturday                    |
| Working on backend                              | Gijs                    | Saturday                    |
| Code reviews from previous week             | Everyone (team meeting) | Tuesday                     |
### Problems with coding and planning and tips?
Due to being in the red zone when it comes to coding, we decided that we have to make significant changes to our work division
* We continue to assign expected time to our issues on GitLab and time spent on them
* We continue to assign milestones to our issues on GitLab
* MUSTS must be done until friday
* We must focus on SHOULDS before starting COULDS
* We must start with merging the backend as soon as possible